docs/MACOS.md, before:

# macOS Setup

Conductor runs natively on macOS. No extra dependencies beyond Python.

## Prerequisites

- **Python 3.10+** — check with `python3 --version` (ships with Xcode CLI tools)
- **Git** — `xcode-select --install` if not already present

## Install

### From release

```bash
curl -sL https://github.com/somniacs/conductor/releases/latest/download/conductor.tar.gz | tar xz
cd conductor
./install.sh
```

### From source

```bash
git clone https://github.com/somniacs/conductor.git
cd conductor
./install.sh
```

The install script uses [pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/) to install Conductor system-wide. After install, the `conductor` command is available from any terminal.

If the command is not found, restart your terminal or run `source ~/.zshrc`.

## Start sessions

```bash
conductor run claude research
conductor run claude coding
```

Open `http://127.0.0.1:7777` in Safari or any browser.

## Remote access from iPhone/iPad

1. Install [Tailscale](https://apps.apple.com/app/tailscale/id1470499037) on your Mac and iOS device
2. Sign in with the same account on both
3. Run `conductor qr` to get a scannable QR code
4. Or use the dashboard's **Link Device** feature (hamburger menu)

## Notes

- macOS uses the same PTY (pseudo-terminal) system as Linux — full compatibility
- Tested on macOS 13+ (Ventura) with Python 3.10+
- The `conductor` daemon runs in the background after `conductor run`
- Sessions survive terminal and browser disconnects

Commit message:

Add license headers, security fixes, and rewrite README
- Add MIT license headers to all source files
- Fix XSS in panel headers and session items (escHtml)
- Improve Tailscale device picker (always visible, status messages)
- Fix QR scanner secure context check for HTTP access
- Fix Link Device QR to use Tailscale IP from /info
- Remove redundant device tags and status badges from sidebar
- Rewrite README: problem-first intro, scannable workflow, scope section
- Update macOS and Windows docs for multi-machine setup

docs/MACOS.md, after:

# macOS Setup

Conductor runs natively on macOS. No extra dependencies beyond Python.

## Prerequisites

- **Python 3.10+** — check with `python3 --version` (ships with Xcode CLI tools)
- **Git** — `xcode-select --install` if not already present

## Install

### From release

```bash
curl -sL https://github.com/somniacs/conductor/releases/latest/download/conductor.tar.gz | tar xz
cd conductor
./install.sh
```

### From source

```bash
git clone https://github.com/somniacs/conductor.git
cd conductor
./install.sh
```

The install script uses [pipx](https://pipx.pypa.io/) to install Conductor system-wide. After install, the `conductor` command is available from any terminal.

If the command is not found, restart your terminal or run `source ~/.zshrc`.

## Start sessions

```bash
conductor run claude research
conductor run claude coding
```

Open `http://127.0.0.1:7777` in Safari or any browser.

## Remote access from another device

1. Install [Tailscale](https://apps.apple.com/app/tailscale/id1470499037) on your Mac and your phone, tablet, or laptop
2. Sign in with the same account on all devices
3. Run `conductor qr` to get a scannable QR code — or open the dashboard's **Servers** dialog (hamburger menu → Servers) to discover Tailscale devices automatically

## Multi-machine setup

To monitor sessions from multiple Macs (or a mix of Mac, Linux, Windows):

1. Install and start Conductor on each machine
2. Open the dashboard on any device
3. Add machines via the **Servers** dialog — Tailscale device picker, manual URL, or QR scan

All machines appear in a single sidebar, grouped by machine. Open terminals from different machines side by side in split view.

## Notes

- macOS uses the same PTY (pseudo-terminal) system as Linux — full compatibility
- Tested on macOS 13+ (Ventura) with Python 3.10+
- The `conductor` daemon runs in the background after `conductor run`
- Sessions survive terminal and browser disconnects
